This project is made to be extended and built upon. This is a list of potential areas that we could improve this project.
It is not a todo list, but a list of ideas that could be implemented if possible and useful. This is a more detailed list
than the "Ideas for Project Improvement" section of the README.md

A redirection button from the feedback page would be a good idea... but as there is no additional functionality to redirect to,
this is currently unnecessary.
It would also be nice to have a "deselect all" button to reset all the checkboxes to empty.

Send appointment reminder emails.

Run the flask server on a hosting service like Heroku to provide security and stability.

Once email reminders have been sent for the day, prevent a second round of emails, or allow them only with warnings and
adequate information.

We would like to send a professionally formatted email, potentially with embedded HTML and the Green Hill logo.

Make event description parsing more robust.

Make a more general format that could be applied for more cases, potentially for other department

Database backend and web front end. Make it so that users don't have to click everyday. This would require a complete
over-haul of the project, but would also make it much easier to create the other features we desire.
For example, a database would allow us to keep logs and store timing and state information.
Additionally, we would potentially be able to store foster/animal data in the database, which would greatly reduce the
likelihood of having human-typed errors in the manually created reminder events (such as misspelling an email address).

The database could also store information about email reminders that may have failed, and be able to notify GreenHill of
this long after the intial attempt to send the email (because a failed email often comes back long after the send.)

Relocate email address verification somewhere else. Currently email address are checked as valid after the user clicks Send
on the emails he or she has specified - this should probably happen sometime earlier in the user experience.


